README.md, before:

# StrongMind Pizza Management Application

## Overview
This project is brought to you by Hunter Jones as part of a StrongMind Full Stack Developer application. This simulated task showcases self-organized work to measure working within the team as part of the technical interview process. The exercise involves creating an application which can create and manage Pizzas. This application will be deployed to a cloud provider for access.

## Thought Process
Thought process behind technical choices **Pending**

## Features
Notable features encompassing the project.

### Manage Toppings
As a pizza store owner you are able to manage toppings available for your pizza chefs.
- It shows you a list of available toppings.
- It allows you to add a new topping.
- It allows you to update or delete an existing topping.
- It ensures you do not enter duplicate toppings.

### Manage Pizzas
As a pizza chef you should be able to create new pizza master pieces.
- It allows you to see a list of existing pizzas and their toppings.
- It allows you to create a new pizza and add toppings to it.
- It allows you to delete or update an existing pizza.
- It allows you to update toppings on an existing pizza.
- It ensures you do not enter duplicate pizzas.

### Data Persistance
- Data persistance method and details **Pending**

### Automated Test Suite
- Automated testing suite is **Pending**

### User Interface
- Responsive Design **Pending**

### Deployment
- Deployment method **Pending**

## How to use
Instructions on how to use the application as an end user Pending.

## Technologies
This is a list of technologies used across the entire application.

1. **Languages/Framework**
  - Python
  - JavaScript
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Flask

2. **Database**
  - SQL: Specifics **Pending**

3. **Tools/Services**
  - Docker
  - Docker Hub
  - Docker Build Cloud
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Google Cloud Platform: **Pending**

## Instructions
Detailed instructions on how to build, run, and test locally.

### Build Locally
Instructions on how to build locally:
- **Pending**

### Test Locally
Instructions on how to test locally:
- **Pending**

### Run Locally
Instructions on how to run locally:
- **Pending**

## Resources
Resoures used in development will be updated and listed below as the application is developed.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com)
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
- [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org)

## Contributers
The Project idea was created by [StrongMind](https://www.strongmind.com) and implemented by [Hunter Jones](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunter-r-jones). Contributer relevant links are also listed below.
- Project Ideation(GitHub): [StrongMind GitHub Assignment](https://github.com/StrongMind/culture/blob/main/recruit/full-stack-developer.md)
- Project Implementation(GitHub): [Hunter Jones](https://github.com/joneshu2)

Commit message:

Adding boilerplate directories, bare starter files, and config files

README.md, after:

# StrongMind Pizza Management Application

## Overview
This project is brought to you by Hunter Jones as part of a StrongMind Full Stack Developer application. This simulated task showcases self-organized work to measure working within the team as part of the technical interview process. The exercise involves creating an application which can create and manage Pizzas. This application will be deployed to a cloud provider for access.

## Thought Process
Thought process behind technical choices **Pending**

## Features
Notable features encompassing the project.

### Manage Toppings
As a pizza store owner you are able to manage toppings available for your pizza chefs.
- It shows you a list of available toppings.
- It allows you to add a new topping.
- It allows you to update or delete an existing topping.
- It ensures you do not enter duplicate toppings.

### Manage Pizzas
As a pizza chef you should be able to create new pizza master pieces.
- It allows you to see a list of existing pizzas and their toppings.
- It allows you to create a new pizza and add toppings to it.
- It allows you to delete or update an existing pizza.
- It allows you to update toppings on an existing pizza.
- It ensures you do not enter duplicate pizzas.

### Data Persistance
- Data persistance method and details **Pending**

### Automated Test Suite
- Automated testing suite is **Pending**

### User Interface
- Responsive Design **Pending**

### Deployment
- Deployment method **Pending**

## How to use
Instructions on how to use the application as an end user Pending.

## Technologies
This is a list of technologies used across the entire application.

1. **Languages/Framework**
  - Python
  - JavaScript
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Flask

2. **Database**
  - SQL: Specifics **Pending**

3. **Tools/Services**
  - GitHub
  - Docker Desktop
  - Docker
  - Docker Hub
  - Docker Build Cloud
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Google Cloud Platform: **Pending**

## Instructions
Detailed instructions on how to build, run, and test locally.

### Before You Get Started
- pizza-app is the top level directory for running the containerized application
- Other directories at this level are for configuration and independent projects

### Build Locally
Instructions on how to build locally:
- **Pending**

### Test Locally
Instructions on how to test locally:
- **Pending**

### Run Locally
Instructions on how to run locally:
- **Pending**

## Resources
Resoures used in development will be updated and listed below as the application is developed.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com)
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
- [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org)

## Contributers
The Project idea was created by [StrongMind](https://www.strongmind.com) and implemented by [Hunter Jones](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunter-r-jones). Contributer relevant links are also listed below.
- Project Ideation(GitHub): [StrongMind GitHub Assignment](https://github.com/StrongMind/culture/blob/main/recruit/full-stack-developer.md)
- Project Implementation(GitHub): [Hunter Jones](https://github.com/joneshu2)
